However for less than 10 pages you probably don't need a static site generator and instead we can just
configure this web pack scenario to work perfectly.
Let me show you what I would do first of all we need to have more than one each PML file to practice
with.
So right now I want you to go into your app folder so up out of the disk folder into our app folder.
Write our source code.
And right now we just have indexed on HDL but I want you to copy and paste or duplicate this file.
So just create a duplicate copy of it and I will name to duplicate copy about done HDMI all and then
you can even duplicate that and name the third copy contact.
OK now we're not actually going to customize these pages we just want something to practice with to
make sure that our setup would work with multiple pages.
So our first step is to use node to create an array of the different HDMI files we're working with.
Technically we could use the built in node F S module but I prefer the package named F S extra.
It's just a lot easier to work with.
I'm not alone in feeling this way because the package F S extra has been downloaded 20 million times
in the last week.
So right now do this with me in the command line.
Let's install the new package.
So we're going to say npm install F S dash extra.
Be sure to include dash dash save.
Def OK.
Now up at the very top of our Web pack config file.
Let's import in that new package concept let's say FSB for file system extra let's set that to equal.
And then just require in the package that was named F S dash extra.
OK now let's leverage this package to search for any h t AML files we know that we only have these three
and you and I are aware of their names but we want our setup to be flexible so that no matter what these
files were named or even if we had 10 or 15 of them this would still work.
So let's find our shared config object right.
This is used for both dev and build.
And remember we just set up plug ins call in and then we wrote this code to work with the HDMI plug
in.
Well believe it or not actually want you to delete the rest of this line after plugins colon
so it should look like this now and instead of clogging this area of the file up with a bunch of code
let's just point towards a variable we can name in anything but let's name it pages and be sure to include
a comma after that.
OK now let's just create a variable with this matching name and what we want this variable to be is
an array where we use the Web pack HDMI all plug in once for each HDMI l file that we have.
Let me show you how we can do that.
So right above let config.
We can say let pages equal and we're going to begin by working with filesystem extra.
So F S E dot and we want to use a method named read dir sync within these parentheses.
Let's begin working with our app folder right.
Because that's where all of our HDMI all files will live.
So quotes dot slash app.
OK.
Then after these parentheses let's say dot filter essentially this code is going to return an array
of all the files in the app folder and then in JavaScript every array has access to the filter method.
Now filter will return a new array that we can customize.
So big picture this will include every single file and then it's the job of filter to say we only want
files that end with dot each t M.L..
So within these parentheses let's provide an anonymous function.
Function parentheses curly brackets.
Feel free to dropdown inside these parentheses.
Let's include a parameter we can name it anything but I will name it file and then inside the body of
this function we can say return the current file that we've looped to file dot ans with inside these
parentheses quotes dot HDMI all cool.
So altogether this will return an array with all of the files that end in dot HDMI.
So at the very end of this where my cursor is right now we can say dot map map or let us generate a
new array based on this array because instead of an array of just the file names we want an array of
multiple HDMI web pack plug ins.
Right we want to use the Web pack plug in once for each of our HDMI templates.
So inside the map parentheses we give it an anonymous function.
Function parentheses currently brackets within these parentheses.
Let's give it a parameter page and then in the body of this function we can just return a new instance
of the h t AML web pack plug in within these parentheses.
Remember we give that plug in a configuration object in between these curly brackets we can dropdown.
First we need to give it a property of file name.
This is the file that gets generated automatically so that can literally just be the exact same name
as our template.
So that would be indexed on HDMI all or about Dot HDMI all comma.
We also want to give it a property of template.
So this is where we point towards the current file that we've looped to.
I'm going to use back ticks instead of quotes.
So right above the tab key on your keyboard and let's say dot slash go into the app folder slash and
then dollar sign.
Curly brackets page.
OK.
Now before we save this file I just realized that I spelled width wrong on this line of code.
This should not be width as in the width of the rectangle.
So get rid of the D.
It should be W I T H.
We are interested in the file that ends with DOT HDMI out.
Cool.
Let's go ahead and save this and test it out.
So in the command line NPM run build
OK.
Let's check out our dist folder.
So I was an app.
If I go back up go into dist awesome we see index about in contact.
Let me try opening up contact dot HDMI out.
Let's go ahead and get rid of this annoying testing alert message within my main app dot J.S. remember
I added alert testing.
Get rid of that.
Give that to save and you can run NPM run build one more time
cool.
So now you're free to create different separate pages at this point.
Let's set things up so that our images or photographs get copied over to the dist folder.
So back in our web pack config file we would only need to copy the images for our build task not our
dev task.
So down in if current task equals build down in this area where we are working with the plugins let's
set things up so that each plug in call is on its own line.
So this is easier to read.
So maybe right before this first word of new push enter and then after this comma we can drop down and
then in between these two closing parentheses here.
In between those two we can add a comma and dropdown again OK.
And now on this line let's call one more plug in so let's create a new instance.
And I'm going to make up a name.
But let's use the same names or on the same page.
Let's call it run after compiled parentheses.
OK.
And now we can just go create our own plug in for web pack with this matching name.
Why don't we go up to the very top of our file.
It doesn't matter where but maybe right below our post CSX plug ins let's create a class with that matching
name of run after compile curly brackets.
Again you could have chose any name I chose a generic name like this so you could also perform any other
tasks other than just copying the images folder within this class let's call apply.
So apply parentheses curly brackets within these parentheses.
Let's include compiler and then inside these curly brackets let's say compiler dot hooks dot done dot
tap inside these parentheses we give it to arguments.
The first is the name of our plug in.
You could call it anything you call it your name or you could just say hello world.
I will say copy images OK after that comma we want one more argument and this is a function that should
actually run.
So anonymous function function in parentheses curly brackets and I'm just going to use the FSC package
again.
So FSC dot copy sync so you can just give this to arguments.
The first is the directory that you want to copy quotes dot slash go into app go into assets grab the
images folder comma.
The second argument is where you would want to copy it too.
So quotes dot slash dist slash assets slash images.
Cool.
So that will copy everything inside the images folder.
Let's go ahead and save this and test it out.
So in the command line NPM run build.
Let's look at our disk folder.
Awesome.
We see assets inside it images there are the files.
So back in the browser.
Remember I was previewing the contact file by refresh.
Perfect.
We just need to do one more thing before we can bring this lesson to a close.
So you and DI as web developers are always going to be using the newest version of our web browser.
Meaning we will have access to the latest and greatest javascript features.
However we can't assume that everyone in our audience right.
Everyone viewing our Web site will also be on the latest and greatest web browser.
So let's set things up so that when we run our build task web pack adjusts our javascript so that it's
backwards compatible we can continue to use modern javascript features like Arrow functions classes.
So on and so forth.
But our generated bundled file we'll use similar but older features.
Big picture we don't need to change the way we are writing javascript but our code will work in a wider
range of older browsers.
Let me show you how to set this up.
So in our command line we need to install a few packages.
So npm install at Symbol babble forward slash core space for another package at Symbol babble forward
slash preset dash EMV a space for one more package no at symbol this time just babble dash loader at
the end be sure to include dash dash save dash Dev.
OK let's go leverage these packages.
So within our web pack config file within the if statement for our build task let's add a new line and
we can say config dot module dot rules and we want to push a new item onto that array inside these parentheses
let's add curly brackets to create a configuration object.
So we want a property named test.
This is where we say we only want this rule to apply for JavaScript files so forward slash backslash
dot J S dollar sign forwards slash comma we want another property named exclude colon and we want to
basically ignore the node modules folder.
Right.
Because there are JavaScript files in that folder that we don't want to worry about converting or trans
piling so forward slash parentheses node underscore modules after the parentheses at a forward slash
in a comma.
OK.
We also want a property named use colon.
Curly brackets dropdown let's give it a property named loader.
Give that a value of quotes babble dash loader comma the property of options.
Set that to an object inside that we can drop down give it a property named presets colon.
This will be an array.
We only need one item in the arrays of quotes at symbol babble slash preset dash envy.
OK let's go ahead and save this and just run one more build to make sure our javascript is still working
so in the command line NPM run build.
OK.
And if I refresh my dist HDMI I'll file.
You can see the javascript still works.
Only now this generated file will work in a wider variety of Web browsers and that will bring this lesson
to a close.
This means that our disk folder.
So if I go into travel site here it is dist the fact that this lesson is complete means that this folder
is ready for us to send to a web host.
And then our Web site will be made publicly available to the world to our friends family and colleagues
pushing the Web site up onto the Web is a big milestone.
So I'm really looking forward to our next lesson.
Let's keep things rolling and I'll see you then.